One problem at a time. This machine holds more importance than a meeting place with a trade contact, Griz responded. 
Should we contact our man in the docks? the scavenger inquired.
It is to soon to move it into the city, Griz started to cut through the ash towards the tank. Their long legs carrier them closer and closer to Storm's Fury and brought their mind closer to deciding on their next steps, but we have no choice. We will have to move up our timeline.
Are you sure we are ready? the scavenger questioned as they rushed to keep up with the larger Griz. Griz let the silence carry for two long strides as they contemplated a response. 
No, but it is what needs done, they murmured to the scavenger as they arrived at Storm's fury. A dozen other scavengers loitered about the war machine. Griz cleared their throat and started to issue commands, I need someone to inform our contact in the Arial Dockyards we need a dirigible to transport Storm's Fury into the city. Another is to inform our units in the Cliffside Inn to expect us, and they are to set up a meeting with Iberion in the inn. We are moving to the next phase, so we will need more Potentia Crystals. The rest of you will scavenge for goods that can be used in exchange for the crystals. Be ready to arrive in the City of Chains in 12 hours and be ready to begin its liberation in 10 days. 
The grime covered scavengers let out whoops of joy and began moving with an intensity only the promise of revolution could instill. Each of those who worked with Griz wanted the same thing: to overthrow the Aetr and the ruling council so the people of the city could thrive and have better lives. Their goal was to help the people by toppling the government, and now the long years of preparation where finally beginning to accumulate into the next phase. 
Vulture, the scavenger asked, what is the next phase? You and the other leaders have kept the plan secret, so we don't really know what it is. The rabble quieted down and the wind even seemed to hold its breath, waiting for Griz's answer.
You have heard of the shadow and the raven? Griz started. Nods of acknowledgement and shakes of the head rippled through the gathering, They are why we have not shared the next phase. The shadow is an elf, we believe their name to be Penelo Ulagella, who served as an enforcer and mercenary in the Summit Guard. Rumors say that they killed Alinar Perwean. 
Sounds like a hero if you ask me, one of the scavengers stated. 
Exactly, Griz responded, It would be a perfect setup for a loyal Aetr member to infiltrate our ranks and serve as a spy. The convenient death of Alinar and rumors of the shadow's involvement would make us trust them, and let them in. The shadow is far less of a threat then the raven.
The raven's a myth, a cautionary tale. No such man exists, the skeptical scavenger countered. 
Oh, but they do, Griz responded. They pointed to a jagged scar on their bald head before continuing, I've run into the raven before. He almost got me to. He came out of nowhere and attacked before blending into the crowd once more. All those accidental deaths of resistance members in the city are his doing. Reports tell of a small man with raven hair at each accident location. It is no coincidence. He has infiltrated the organization several times, and it has cost us dearly. For these reasons, we do not share our plans. You will soon learn of the plans first had, for the next phase will start in less than 10 days.