Will is the substance of human existence - the force that allows for control over the behavior and thoughts of the self.
Every event that has occurred or shall ever occur in the universe is only a result of an action preceding it. Anything in the universe which appears to be chaotic - brain activity, for example - is really just incomprehensibly complex. When results vary, so too always must the variables influencing those results.
In an ideal situation in which all variables were 100% controlled - an admittedly impossible occurrence in light of the fact that the unreproducible factors of time and space must themselves be considered variables which affect outcomes - the results would not vary in the slightest.
Actions (in humans) result from decisions;.
which result from electrical muscular impulses;.
which are sent for the most part from the neural network along the spine;.
which takes its chemical orders from the brain;.
which is a complex but completely material, electrochemical organ like any other.
Decisionmaking in the brain is a function of data processing. Input (data) is received by the brain from sensory organs, mechanically encoded in chemical messages, then processed by the complex binary neural network. The resultant thoughts, decisions and actions are all output of this neurochemical process, which is not magical, not unexplainable, and certainly not the result of some ethereal influence which could be called "will." And although the thoughts and decisions rendered by these neurochemical processes are not entirely predictable, this unpredictability stems only from our current lack of detailed knowledge of the neurochemical processes of the organ itself, rather than from force ("will") whose existence is not supported by the evidence.
Not only is there not any evidence that will exists, but moreover, there isn't even a need to introduce "will" into the explanation of human thought, decision-making and behavior.
Diabetic retinopathy is the leading cause of blindness among working-age adults, and tens of millions are affected around the world by this disease; many undiagnosed. In developing countries, access to the usual expensive tools to diagnose diabetic retinopathy is limited or nonexistent. On the other hand, smartphone technology is cheap and available nearly everywhere. In this work, we developed specialized smartphone software and hardware to screen for diabetic retinopathy through the development of an image-processing algorithm, smartphone application, and attachment. We used Residual Networks coupled with the cyclic pooling technique for data refinement to train on 35,126 retinal images. Following 161 epochs of training, we were able to diagnose diabetic retinopathy with an accuracy of 78.1% with a resulting area of 0.752 under the ROC curve. We coded an app to facilitate the communications between user and algorithm, housed in a server and added photo functionality. Finally, we were able to design and 3D print an attachment that enables a smartphone to take retinal images. These results demonstrate that the Eyeagnosis system is capable of assisting doctors to diagnose diabetic retinopathy in the field. .
1 Introduction .
Diabetes mellitus, a condition characterized by high blood sugar from the loss of functional insulin, is the eighth leading cause of death in the world [1] and affects 415 million people worldwide [1]. Also, as blindness is a major complications of diabetes, it is one of the leading causes of blindness around the world and the leading cause of blindness among working-age adults [1]. Despite these figures, around the world, as many as half of the cases of diabetes remain undiagnosed, most of whom reside in developing countries [1]. Thus, a tool that could identify those with diabetic retinopathy, or DR, would serve not only as a tool to improve eyesight through early detection and treatment but would also prompt previously undiagnosed diabetics to receive treatment.